Add [junos_l2_interfaces] model (#12)
ansible-network/resource_module_models: models/junos/l2_interfaces/deleted_example_01.txt

# Using deleted

# Before state:
# -------------
#
# ansible@junos01# show interfaces
# ge-0/0/1 {
#    description "L2 interface";
#    speed 1g;
#    unit 0 {
#        family ethernet-switching {
#            interface-mode access;
#            vlan {
#                members vlan30;
#            }
#        }
#    }
#}
#ge-0/0/2 {
#    description "non L2 interface";
#    unit 0 {
#        family inet {
#            address 192.168.56.14/24;
#        }
#    }

> - name: Delete JUNOS L2 interfaces as in given arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Delete L2 attributes of given interfaces (Note: This won't delete the interface itself).
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can just say that it deletes the logical interfaces (units)

  junos_l2_interfaces:
    config:
      - name: ge-0/0/1
      - name: ge-0/0/2
    state: deleted

# After state:
# ------------
#
# ansible@junos01# show interfaces
# ge-0/0/1 {
#    description "L2 interface";
#    speed 1g;

> #

Reviewer 2: I think this is missing a closing key }
